suggested mappings [DOC-993] (#7008)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/reverse-etl/suggested-mappings-nutrition-facts.md

---
title: Suggested Mappings Nutrition Facts Label
---

> Twilio’s [AI Nutrition Facts](https://nutrition-facts.ai/){:target="_blank"} provide an overview of the AI feature you’re using, so you can better understand how the AI is working with your data. Predictions’s AI qualities are outlined in the following Nutrition Facts label. For more information, including the glossary regarding the AI Nutrition Facts label, refer to the [AI Nutrition Facts](https://nutrition-facts.ai/){:target="_blank"} page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Twilio’s [AI Nutrition Facts](https://nutrition-facts.ai/){:target="_blank"} provide an overview of the AI feature you’re using, so you can better understand how the AI is working with your data. Suggested Mappings's AI qualities are outlined in the following Nutrition Facts label. For more information, including the glossary regarding the AI Nutrition Facts label, refer to the [AI Nutrition Facts](https://nutrition-facts.ai/){:target="_blank"} page.
```
